python/rpdk/python/templates/README.md, before:

# {{ type_name }}

Congratulations on starting development! Next steps:

1. Write the JSON schema describing your resource, `{{ schema_path.name }}`
2. Implement your resource handlers in `{{ project_path }}/handlers.py`

> Don't modify files in `resource_model/` by hand, any modifications will be overwritten when `generate` or
`package` commandsare run.

Implement CloudFormation resource here. Each function must return a ProgressEvent.

ProgressEvent(
    operation_status=Status.IN_PROGRESS, # Required: must be one of Status.IN_PROGRESS, Status.FAILED, Status.SUCCESS
    # resource_model={}, # Optional: resource model dict, values can be retrieved in CFN with Fn::GetAtt
    # message='', # Optional: message to supply to CloudFormation Stack events
    # error_code='', # Optional: error code (only used in failure) Should be one of cfn_resource.exceptions.Codes
    # callback_context={}, # will be sent to callback invocations as callback_context
    # callback_delay_seconds=0 # setting to a value > 0 will re-call handler after
    # specified time
)

Failures can be passed back to CloudFormation by either raising an exception, preferably one of cfn_resource.exceptions
operation_status to Status.FAILED and error_code to one of cfn_resource.exceptions

Commit message:

Refactor Python plugin
* Interface less Pythonic but closer to Java/C#. This makes it easier to copy examples and keep plugins in sync
* Renamed support library, name was taken on PyPI
* Support library and auto-generated code 100% type annotated, helps with IDE auto-complete
* Models now use generic model resolver and so nested models now work properly
* Models are type annotated and also auto-generated into same package as code. This makes development easier, and also packaging
* Boto proxy simplified. Still won't stop a determined attacker, but still makes it obvious to let support library handle creds
* (Only) test entry point works now, so plugins can be tested with SAM CLI. I prioritised that so people can play around with it while we retro-fit the existing support functionality and bring it up to parity with Java
* Kind of solved how to package support library, see README
* Tests for plugin and support library now live in same folder (but in subfolders)

python/rpdk/python/templates/README.md, after:

# {{ type_name }}

Congratulations on starting development! Next steps:

1. Write the JSON schema describing your resource, `{{ schema_path.name }}`
2. Implement your resource handlers in `{{ project_path }}/handlers.py`

> Don't modify `models.py` by hand, any modifications will be overwritten when the `generate` or `package` commands are run.

Implement CloudFormation resource here. Each function must always return a ProgressEvent.

```python
ProgressEvent(
    # Required
    # Must be one of OperationStatus.IN_PROGRESS, OperationStatus.FAILED, OperationStatus.SUCCESS
    status=OperationStatus.IN_PROGRESS,
    # Required on SUCCESS (except for LIST where resourceModels is required)
    # The current resource model after the operation; instance of ResourceModel class
    resourceModel=model,
    resourceModels=None,
    # Required on FAILED
    # Customer-facing message, displayed in e.g. CloudFormation stack events
    message="",
    # Required on FAILED: a HandlerErrorCode
    errorCode=HandlerErrorCode.InternalFailure,
    # Optional
    # Use to store any state between re-invocation via IN_PROGRESS
    callbackContext={},
    # Required on IN_PROGRESS
    # The number of seconds to delay before re-invocation
    callbackDelaySeconds=0,
)
```

Failures can be passed back to CloudFormation by either raising an exception from `{{ support_lib_pkg }}.exceptions`, or setting the ProgressEvent's `status` to `OperationStatus.FAILED` and `errorCode` to one of `{{ support_lib_pkg }}.HandlerErrorCode`. There is a static helper function, `ProgressEvent.failed`, for this common case.

## What's with the type hints?

We hope they'll be useful for getting started quicker with an IDE that support type hints. Type hints are optional - if your code doesn't use them, it will still work.
